README.md, before:

# ExpandGridView
A grid view written in QML that expand an area under an item when clicked

# Usage
This component is meant to be used the same way as the regular Qt's GridView.
Meaning, you provide a `ListModel` or a `QVariant<Qlist>` or a C++ object
that subclass `QAbstractItemModel` through the component's variable `model`
along with two delegate, one for the item in each cell (through `delegate`
variable) and one for the item displayed in the expanded zone under the cell
clicked (through `expandDelegate` varaible).

Those are the only mandatory properties but many other one can be used to fit
one's preference.

# Parameters
**\<PropertyName\>** (\<type\> {*required*|\<defaultValue\>}): \<Description\>

## Spacing management
* **rowSpacing** (int 0): Space between two rows
* **colSpacing** (int 0): Space between two columns
* **expandSpacing** (int 0): Space between a row and the expanded zone
* **fillWidth** (bool false): Should the space between cols been maximized
* **fillHeight** (bool false): Should the space between rows been maximized
* **expandFillWidth** (bool false): Should the width of the expanded zone be
the root's width (true) or the row's width (false) (different when there is
space left at end of row)

## Componenent sizes management
* **cellHeight** (int 0): Height of a cell (define only the space available,
the delegate itself can have a different height)
* **cellWidth** (int 0): Width of a cell (define only the space available, the
delegate itself can have a different width)
* **expandHeight** (int 0): Height of the expanded zone (define only the space
available, the expand delegate itself can have a different height)

## Timing management
* **expandDelay** (int 0): The delay before the expanding animation starts
(in ms)
* **collapseDelay** (int 0): The delay before the collapsing animation starts
(in ms)
* **expandDuration** (int 0): The time the expanding animation lasts (in ms)
* **collapseDuration** (int 0): The time the collapsing animation lasts (in ms)

## Model and delegates
* **model** (var *required*): The model (data) to use
* **delegate** (Component *required*): The delegate for the cells
* **expandDelegate** (Component *required*): The delegate for the expanding zone

# Example and testing
An example with all parameters is available at [Example.qml](Example.qml). It can be used to test how different parameters works and interact with each other

Commit message:

Fix : expand delegate height can now be animated if following parent.parent.height

README.md, after:

# ExpandGridView
A grid view written in QML that expand an area under an item when clicked

# Usage
This component is meant to be used the same way as the regular Qt's GridView.
Meaning, you provide a `ListModel` or a `QVariant<Qlist>` or a C++ object
that subclass `QAbstractItemModel` through the component's variable `model`
along with two delegate, one for the item in each cell (through `delegate`
variable) and one for the item displayed in the expanded zone under the cell
clicked (through `expandDelegate` varaible).

Those are the only mandatory properties but many other one can be used to fit
one's preference.

In order to follow animation of the expand zone, the item must have bindings :
```QML
width: parent.parent.width
height: parent.parent.height
```

# Parameters
**\<PropertyName\>** (\<type\> {*required*|\<defaultValue\>}): \<Description\>

## Spacing management
* **rowSpacing** (int 0): Space between two rows
* **colSpacing** (int 0): Space between two columns
* **expandSpacing** (int 0): Space between a row and the expanded zone
* **fillWidth** (bool false): Should the space between cols been maximized
* **fillHeight** (bool false): Should the space between rows been maximized
* **expandFillWidth** (bool false): Should the width of the expanded zone be
the root's width (true) or the row's width (false) (different when there is
space left at end of row)

## Componenent sizes management
* **cellHeight** (int 0): Height of a cell (define only the space available,
the delegate itself can have a different height)
* **cellWidth** (int 0): Width of a cell (define only the space available, the
delegate itself can have a different width)
* **expandHeight** (int 0): Height of the expanded zone (define only the space
available, the expand delegate itself can have a different height)

## Timing management
* **expandDelay** (int 0): The delay before the expanding animation starts
(in ms)
* **collapseDelay** (int 0): The delay before the collapsing animation starts
(in ms)
* **expandDuration** (int 0): The time the expanding animation lasts (in ms)
* **collapseDuration** (int 0): The time the collapsing animation lasts (in ms)

## Model and delegates
* **model** (var *required*): The model (data) to use
* **delegate** (Component *required*): The delegate for the cells
* **expandDelegate** (Component *required*): The delegate for the expanding zone

# Example and testing
An example with all parameters is available at [Example.qml](Example.qml). It can be used to test how different parameters works and interact with each other
